xxxii Pontificolc os English aad &occa Uce.

From this it bas been supposed that these books were
written for Bishops of Ely; the Cathedral of Ely being
dedicated to S. AEtheldrytha and Sexburga and Wihtburga
being her sistere and Eormenhilda closely connected with her.

The Trin. coll. MS contains at the end of the Coronation
service, the Litany printed from the Ordo Romanus in the
Appendix to this volume, ia an abridged and general form,
the King‚ Queen and Archbishop not being specially named.
There are a good many verbal variatione between the two
forms. Among the Saints invoked in this MS are SS.
Edmund, Ermengeld, Oswald, Dunstan, AElphege, George.

XVII.

Magd. 0011. Oxford, no. 226. Saec. XII.

This book, of which only one or two leaves are missing,
belonged in 1348 to the Oatliedral of Hereford, as is seen
from a list of contenta on the autside folio. There are a
good many marginal alteratione, all of the xivth Century.

The only internal evidence asto locality is common to this
book and all the xiith Century books in this list, namely
that it was written for the holder of a See in the Province of
canteram, from the Decretum &c de electo Episcopo.

“Venerando Sanctae Oaiituariensis Ecclesia Metropolitano
N. clerus et populus Ecclesiae ill. debitam subjectionem;

and in the Examinatio Episcopi.

Inter. Vis Sanctae Dorobcrnensi Ecclesia fidem et sub·
jectionem per omnia exhiberel

There are some leaves inserted in the earlier part of the
Ms containing ina hand of the xivth (lentury the Prefaces
arrd the Canon of the Mass (without rubrics.) The rubrica
of the Prefaccs correspond to those of the York Missal, and
not to those of the Sarum or Heret'ord.

 

